Add new images relevant to the API tile enhancement feature (#7385)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/deploy-and-publish/publish-on-dev-portal/publish-an-api.md

     <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/select-created-api.png" alt="Select API" title="Select API" width="35%" />

    !!! note
         - Note that enhancing the API's visibility, as illustrated below, allows you to provide additional business-related information and indicate the monetization status on the API tile.

>          - You can set the below pre defined configs to be true in the **settings.json** file for Publisher Portal & Dev Portal.

Reviewer: Let's give the complete relative path within the portal folder here instead of adding only the name of the settings.json file.

>          - You can set the below pre defined configs to be true in the **settings.json** file for Publisher Portal & Dev Portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         - You can set the below pre defined configs to be true in the **settings.json** file for Publisher Portal and Developer Portal.
```

         ```
         "tileDisplayInfo": {
             "showMonetizedState": true,
             "showBusinessDetails": true,
             "showTechnicalDetails": true
         }
         ```
          <img src="{{base_path}}/assets/img/learn/select-created-api-with-business-info.png" alt="Select API" title="Select API" width="35%" />
         - If you have added a **Business Owner Email** or **Technical Owner Email**, they will be displayed in the API tile when you hover over the **Business Owner** or **Technical Owner** details.

>          - If you are setting the **showMonetizedState** config to be true, monetization icon will be displayed in the API tile as below once you enabled the monetization for the API. In order to enable monetization for the API, you need to publish the API.  

Reviewer: We can add a link to the monetization enabling documentation here. Add the link to the `monetization` word.
